Subtitles by explosiveskull
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[birds twittering]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[airplane roaring]
ORR: Hey. Yo-Yo!
Yo-Yo.
Holy moly.
You won't believe
what happened.
Oh. I think I will.
I heard you got everybody out.
Six of us on the inflatable.
so I tucked 'em in.
made 'em a little tea.
and read 'em a bedtime story.
Nately's dead.
Holy shit.
Yo-Yo. that ain't right.
What happened?
I took us back around...
He didn't die the first time.
but it found him
the second time.
And well.
if I hadn't gone back.
it wouldn't have found him.
ORR: No. you didn't kill him.
He died because there's men
down there shooting at us.
Dunbar's gone.
Clevinger's gone.
Kid Sampson's gone.
McWatt's gone.
Now Nately's gone.
For a minute there I thought
it was just gonna be
me and Aarfy.
[chuckles]
I wouldn't do that to you.
buddy.
Yeah. I know.
CATHCART: Twice.
Why goddamn twice?
I missed it the first time.
You missed it.
Yes. sir.
That's why I went back.
You didn't miss it.
You didn't even drop
your bombs.
11 planes were
relying on you.
when clearly
they shouldn't have.
So then they panicked.
And dropped 44.000 pounds
of bombs on goddamn nothing.
KORN: We give you
a $6.000 bombsight
and apparently you don't wanna
look through it.
Oh. and you lost
your tail-gunner.
Nice fucking flying. soldier.
Do you have any idea how much
each 500-pound bomb is worth?
I do not. sir.
Well. neither do I.
but they don't grow on trees.
I took out the bridge. sir.
The bridge is gone.
That was the objective.
It was a goddamn thorn
in our side. that bridge.
So what to do now?
KORN: We punish
the hell out of him.
Well. you're goddamn right
we punish the hell out of him.
Although. if we punish him.
we'd be admitting
something went wrong.
Well. something did go wrong.
They lost
a goddamn tail-gunner.
What I mean to say. sir.
is that if we punish him.
that would be sending a message
that the mission
didn't go right.
We don't want that.
The mission did go right.
Exactly.
So what to do?
We could give him a medal.
What would we give him
a goddamn medal for?
For going around twice.
Well. I suppose it did
take some courage
to go around the target twice.
and he did hit the target.
[whispering]
This is good.
this is very good;
act boastful about something
we should be ashamed of.
That's a tremendous idea.
sir.
That's good. very good.
And we'll make him
a captain. too.
Do we need to do that?
Well. if we're gonna do this.
we're gonna do it with gusto.
Korn.
Besides. what's a goddamn
captain anyway?
Lieutenant. you'll be pleased
to know that
we have made the decision
to promote you to
the rank of captain.
Uh...okay.
Effective immediately.
Colonel Korn here
will organize a medal ceremony.
Yes. sir.
We've got a brave man here.
Thank you. sir.
And we wish we had
more like you.
Thank you. sir.
Sir?
If I may. sir?
I wonder--
you see. my friend Nately.
the tail-gunner who died.
was engaged to be married.
And his fiancée.
as you can understand.
will take the news very hard.
And your point is?
Well. I'd like to apply
for a 48-hour leave. sir.
If I may.
given the circumstances.
I'd like to go to Rome
and inform Nately's fiancée
of the terrible news.
"Fiancée." that's rich.
You mean the whore?
Her name is Clara.
CATHCART: Let me see if
I get this straight.
We give you a promotion
of the rank of captain.
we're gonna give you a medal.
and you wanna go to Rome
to see a whore?
To see my dead friend
Nately's bereaved fiancée.
Yes. sir.
Who is a whore.
I was set to be best man.
sir.
And so I'm formally requesting
permission. sir--
CATHCART: Yes. yes. yes.
I understand.
Permission denied.
Dismissed.
[cheerful jazz music]
♪ ♪
[wrench clicking]
Boys. I'm looking for Milo.
Signore Milo?
Yeah. Milo.
Where is he?
Signore Milo no is here.
He's in Barcelona. España.
España.
He's in Spain?
Si. si. "Spain."
[sighs]
Can we help you
with something?
[speaking Italian]
♪ ♪
[jazz music continues]
Aarfy.
Hello. John.
What are you doing here?
You know. the usual.
I didn't know you had leave.
Yeah. I have leave.
Why?
What are you doing?
You wanna do something?
Maybe later.
I'm gonna go find
Nately's girlfriend.
Oh. good for you.
You're like a rabbit.
♪ ♪
[foreboding music]
Hello?
♪ ♪
[jazz music playing distantly]
MICHAELA: Signore?
There she is.
[jazz music continues]
♪ ♪
Good girl.
Why don't you stay
and have a drink with me?
Che cosa?
AARFY: A drink.
It's after 7:00.
Have a drink.
No. grazie. no.
You'll join me.
It's all right.
[dogs barking]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[man muttering in Italian]
[jazz music continues]
AARFY: You're much prettier
than you look at first.
You know that?
And you have wonderful hair.
Hair.
Your hair is lovely.
♪ ♪
And that pretty little apron.
[scraping]
Would you like to dance
with me?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[insects chirping]
Hello?
Hi.
You know it's after curfew.
You shouldn't be out.
Do you know what I mean.
"curfew"?
[speaking Italian]
Honey.
I wish I could understand you.
You know.
I'm looking for
your sister. Clara.
Sorella. that's right.
Sister. right.
Where's your sister?
Where is Clara?
Look. I wanted to...
You see. I wanted to give
this to her.
It's from Nately.
and he's not...
Uh...
Well. he's not coming back.
♪ ♪
Can you take me to her
to give that to her?
Honey. I wish I could
understand you.
I--what?
No. no. no. no.
Honey. no.
You don't--no.
just your sister.
I'm just looking for--oh. fuck.
Okay. all right.
Look. Ines--you keep this.
All right?
This is yours.
Okay?
You keep it or sell it.
Just do what you gotta do.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[dogs barking]
[gramophone scraping]
No.
AARFY: [grunts]
AARFY: Yeah.
You're fine. You're fine.
[speaking Italian]
AARFY: Don't struggle with me.
MICHAELA: [speaking Italian]
[menacing music]
♪ ♪
[gramophone scraping]
[crowd shouting]
[dog barking]
[scraping]
[crowd shouting
and dog barking continues]
[dog whines]
[dog growling]
[dog whining and squealing.
men shouting]
[scraping]
♪ ♪
[speaking Italian]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
WOMAN: [whimpering]
Excuse me.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter continues]
Excuse me.
[exhales]
[pants]
Come on!
[panting]
♪ ♪
You killed her. Aarfy.
You killed her!
Oh. Yossarian.
don't be ridiculous.
Come on now.
Aarfy. you fucking
murdered her!
You murdered the girl.
and they're gonna put you
in jail!
They're not gonna put
good old Aarfy in jail.
[siren wailing]
YOSSARIAN: [panting]
Do you hear that.
you piece of shit?
They're coming for you.
[vehicles rumble]
[speaking Italian]
You're a fucking monster.
Hey. he's up here!
[panting]
He killed that girl.
He raped her.
John Yossarian?
Sorry?
Which one of you is
John Yossarian?
That's me.
"John Yossarian.
on the orders of
Colonel Cathcart.
"I hereby arrest you
in the name of
the 27th Air Corps
of the United States Army"...
No.
OFFICER: "...that you did
knowingly abandon your duties
on the island of Pianosa.
"taking leave without
permission.
in direct breach of
Article 21:2:7
of the Military Code"...
[speech fades]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
..."Without said leave."
That girl is dead down there.
OFFICER:
What happened to the girl?
He threw her out of
the window.
He raped her.
and he threw her out of it.
♪ ♪
Jesus Christ.
She's an Italian civilian.
It's a civilian matter.
This is a military matter.
Uh...
♪ ♪
[plane engine droning]
Hello?
[peeing]
[metallic squeaking]
MAN: [speaking Italian]
YOSSARIAN: Hello?
Hello!
Hey!
LORENZO: Hello. Mister Yo-Yo.
Hey.
Yeah.
Hey. what's going on. fellas?
Why you are here?
Is a Green Zone.
You can no be here.
Can you call Milo?
You can no get out?
No. I can't get out.
I'm in jail.
Can you get Milo for me?
[speaking Italian]
Mamma mia!
No "mamma mia."
Hey. you guys got any food?
[groans]
Planning our great escape.
are we. Captain?
You like to make
our lives difficult. don't you?
[vehicles rumbling]
It has come to our attention
that there has been
an unfortunate incident.
Hmm?
Last night.
In Rome.
An unfortunate accident.
It wasn't an accident.
We understand that
in the heat of the tragedy.
you made some
very strong accusations.
But we understand that tragedy
can inflame the senses.
play tricks on the mind.
Hmm?
And she died
such a senseless death.
An unfortunate accident.
cleaning those windows
at night.
He raped and murdered her.
CATHCART: Let me make
one thing clear.
We simply will not tolerate
any form of behavior
that tarnishes the reputation
of the 57th Bomb Wing.
An investigation into
an officer of our own.
an officer
of upstanding reputation
with an unblemished record
on sanctioned leave.
during a tour of duty.
would be a detriment
to the war effort.
And that which is
a detriment to the war effort.
is a detriment to
the free world.
by which I mean America.
Well. you mean.
a detriment to you.
[vehicle roars by]
Drop it. son.
Drop it. and we can forget
this whole kerfuffle.
Do you hear what I'm saying.
Captain?
Drop it.
and you won't have to fly
any more missions.
We can do that.
Can't we?
And you'll do it.
That's an order.
[solemn music]
[keys jingling]
MILO: Yo-Yo.
what are you doing here?
Milo. is that you?
MILO: Colonel Cathcart. sir.
you can't be here.
Sir. this is one of
the designated areas.
Speak English!
MILO: This is a Green Zone.
sir.
It's one of
the designated areas.
[siren blaring]
Good God.
[speaking Italian]
Quattro. quattro.
Okay. we have four minutes
to be very far away. sir.
You gotta get him out of here.
What's going on?
Well. I don't have a key.
Korn.
I don't have keys. sir.
MILO: Shit. Hang on.
Come on.
MILO: This one. This one.
LORENZO: Okay. quickly now.
MILO: All right. follow me.
[siren continues blaring]
[distant shouting]
[Leonardo and Lorenzo
speaking Italian]
MILO: Flying Fish.
Flying Fish. this is Papa Bear.
Let there be light.
[lights boom on]
[aircrafts roaring over]
Milo. what is this?
[roaring continues]
Milo. those are German bombers!
Those are Heinkel One-Elevens!
You're right.
Okay. we gotta go.
We gotta go!
MAN: [speaking Italian]
Okay. si.
[engine turning]
KORN: Go. Milo!
Come on. step on it!
Milo. for Christ's sake!
Start the goddamn jeep!
That's an order!
[indistinct shouting.
engine grinds. turns over]
KORN: Drive.
you fucking idiot!
Whoo!
[explosion booms]
Milo. those are our planes.
Yeah. we're losing 22.
we're keeping 58.
As the head of M&M Enterprises.
I have to make compromises
sometimes.
I have to balance
the competing market interests
of our different territories.
Those territories are
ultimately part of
the syndicate. of course.
But sometimes you have to rob
Peter to pay Paul
to keep everybody happy.
Wow.
I know. right?
Took us three days
of round-tabling in Lausanne
to nut out the details
of this one.
Next week we're taking out
their fuel depot
in Windischeschenbach.
Windischeschenbach.
Balancing the books.
[blasting]
[explosion booms]
[aircrafts roaring]
Stingray 2. this is Papa Bear.
Bring the Two formation
back around.
[blasts]
Holy Moses.
Okay. I've seen enough. Milo.
Excellent work.
Good job.
Korn. let's go.
Let's head up to the tower.
It's the safest place
on the base.
No one touches
the control towers.
that was non-negotiable.
Lorenzo. Leonardo.
[speaks Italian]
[airplanes roaring]
[booming]
Ain't it beautiful?
What does this look like
to you?
YOSSARIAN: The apocalypse.
Reconstruction.
Replacement parts.
The army has to get them
from somewhere. right?
Who's got access to everything
they need?
You.
No. the syndicate.
You know you're a shareholder
in all this.
So you keep telling me.
I wanna make you a partner.
a full partner.
What does that mean?
Means weekly dividends.
quarterly bonuses.
annual fishing trips.
All this will be over one day.
but M&M will live on.
right through to
your retirement plan.
Thank you. Milo.
That's very generous.
You're my best friend.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[vehicles rumbling]
[debris clattering]
[sparks crackling]
[airplane roaring]
[clattering continues]
Ciao!
What in God's green earth
is this?
Bomba.
Many. many bomba.
SUE ANNE:
So you got what you wished for.
Yeah. I'm a lucky guy.
Do you ever think that
you can just leave?
Me?
Yeah.
Can you do that?
Just leave?
Yeah. go home.
I signed up.
CATHCART: Sir. I'm very sorry.
We did not know
you were coming.
There was a miscommunication.
We were attacked last night.
By who?
The enemy. sir.
Of course it was the enemy.
Which enemy?
The Germans. sir.
Of course it was
the Germans.
It'd hardly be the Japanese.
now. would it?
I don't understand
the question. sir.
SCHEISSKOPF: How many men
did we lose?
None. sir.
None?
Well. we were very lucky.
sir.
How many of theirs
did we take down?
None. sir.
None?
We were very unlucky. sir.
Very unlucky.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. what's shakin'?
Hey.
Where's Yossarian?
Oh. he's not coming.
he's going home.
He's going home?
Yep.
How?
I don't know.
That's what he said.
How was Rome?
KORN: [whistles]
All right.
That's enough.
I said that's enough.
Gentlemen. before we get down
to business today.
I have an important
introduction to make.
We are privileged to welcome
into our midst
a man who in fact
needs no introduction.
General Scheisskopf.
who is now Head of Operations
for the entire
Mediterranean Theater.
And it is our honor
that he will be
running the show.
so to speak.
from this here facility
right here on Pianosa.
Now. he will not be running
this base.
let me make that very clear.
That solemn duty remains mine.
You'll be pleased to know
that General Scheisskopf
has bigger fish to fry--
Thank you. Colonel.
I'll be brief.
Although Colonel Cathcart
is indeed correct that
I will be running the entire
Mediterranean operation.
he is wrong when he says
I will not be
running this base.
Anyone who knows me knows
I simply just can't
help myself.
And from what I've seen
thus far.
we got a lot of work to do.
Dismiss the men.
[intimidating music]
♪ ♪
Dismissed!
Yo-yo!
Are you ready for this?
As ready as I'll ever be.
Guess who was at
the briefing.
Who?
ORR: Guess.
Scheisskopf.
Jesus.
Why?
ORR: He's running
the whole fucking show.
What show?
The whole
Mediterranean Theater.
Scheisskopf.
And he's going to be based
here in Pianosa.
That is...that is not even
humanly possible.
Are you yanking my chain?
He's here. Yo-Yo.
He's fucking here.
[jazzy percussive music]
♪ ♪
Hello. sir.
Ah. Captain Yossarian.
I have your paperwork
here somewhere.
Well. that's great. sir.
That's really terrific news.
What's happening here?
KORN: Ah. here it is.
I think you'll find this
all in order.
Now. let's get you on
the first plane out of here.
huh?
Uh. yes. sir. let's.
These just need
Colonel Cathcart's signature.
and we're done.
Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
CATHCART: The Group Leaders'
Allocations and Requisitions--
SCHEISSKOPF: You can deal with
the allocations
and requisitions. Colonel.
I will be busy with
the bigger picture.
CATHCART: Of course. sir.
On Thursdays--
Excuse me. sir.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
What is it. Korn?
KORN: I have Yossarian's
discharge papers here.
They just need your signature.
CATHCART: Oh. yes. of course.
Um...
What was that?
I just require
the Colonel's signature
on some--
SCHEISSKOPF: The name.
What was the name?
Yossarian. sir.
Yossarian.
SCHEISSKOPF: [breathes deeply]
I've flown my missions. sir.
How many missions
have you flown?
51. sir.
What's the mission quota.
Colonel?
55. sir.
You haven't flown
your missions.
I had back when
the target was 50. sir.
SCHEISSKOPF: Well. target isn't
50. is it. Captain?
It's 55.
Well. it is now. sir.
but it wasn't back when
I flew 50.
Well. if you'd flown 50
back when it was 50.
then you wouldn't be
standing here. would you?
There was a hold up
with my paperwork. sir.
SCHEISSKOPF: The mission quota
is 55; you've flown 51.
Therefore. you still have
missions to fly.
This base was attacked
last night. Captain.
I'm sure you can appreciate
that we require the service
of all able-bodied fliers.
Sir. if I may.
Colonel Cathcart
and I had a deal.
Mm-hmm.
What kind of a deal?
It was to do with
a Roman operation. sir.
Hmm?
Um...
Um. sir. Captain Yossarian
was instrumental. sir.
in a covert Roman operation.
SCHEISSKOPF:
Good for you. Captain.
That's tremendous.
The mission quota is 55.
you've flown 51.
Good luck with the next four.
[stammers]
General. sir. as I'm sure
the colonel will agree.
our deal is unbreakable.
[rapid breathing]
With all due respect. sir...
[grunts softly]
The deal between
the Captain and I was
fairly rock solid. sir.
That's correct. General.
And yet. this so-called deal.
it wasn't with me. was it?
No. sir.
Not technically. sir.
So technically.
it doesn't exist?
It does exist. sir.
55 minus 51 equals 4.
Dismissed. Captain.
I said dismissed. Captain.
Get the hell out of my office.
Oh. and John...
My wife sends her regards.
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
Hey. Yo-Yo!
Guess what plane
they just assigned me to?
I'm your good luck charm
at last.
[vehicles rumbling]
♪ ♪
Hey. buddy.
YOSSARIAN: I'm gonna kill you!
I'm gonna fucking kill you!
Yo-Yo!
I'll kill you!
♪ ♪
[plane engines droning]
[gunfire thundering]
Buckle up. fellas.
here come the fireworks.
[gunfire cracking]
AARFY: Hold steady. 276.
YOSSARIAN: 276. holding steady.
Adjusting for drift
three degrees.
AARFY: Roger that.
[gunfire continues]
Closing in on target.
30 seconds to run.
30 seconds.
[booming]
Oh. fuck!
Oh!
AARFY: 20 seconds to target.
[agonized yell]
The fuck is wrong with him?
Fuck!
I've been hit!
AARFY: Yossarian. you ready?
Oh. fuck!
Oh!
YOSSARIAN: God!
Help!
[yelling in agony]
Oh. shit.
Yo-Yo?
I've lost my balls!
Oh. shit!
Oh!
Oh. fuck!
I think I've lost my balls!
Oh. I think I lost
my fucking balls!
[engines droning]
Orr. what the fuck
are you doing?
[moans]
Fucking shit.
[yells]
[booms]
ORR: Okay. left engine's
on fire.
Yeah. the right engine's
rough. too.
Okay. that's both engines.
We're going down. fellas.
We're going down.
God damn it.
ORR: Prepare to abandon ship.
Christ Almighty.
Fuck!
[plane rattling and banging]
I got this. okay?
I'm just getting us out
of enemy territory.
Hold tight.
Wait.
Okay. that's us down there.
You gotta go!
Go!
They'll carpet the ground
with rose petals for you. okay?
Go!
[panting]
[grunts]
You get home safe. Orr.
I hope you die!
What height are we at?
ORR: 1.500 feet.
Hey. you gotta unbuckle!
ORR: You gotta jump. Yossarian.
Come on!
I'm right behind you.
I'm gonna get it out
over the sea.
You gotta go.
I'm good. Yo-Yo.
Go get your balls looked at.
[plane rattling]
[grunting]
[groans]
[wind whistling]
Oh. fuck.
[groaning]
Oh. Oh.
[moaning]
Come on.
Come on. buddy.
[plane rattling]
Come on. come on.
[plane rattling and banging]
♪ [Vera Lynn's
"We'll Meet Again"]
VERA: ♪ We'll meet again ♪
♪ Don't know where ♪
♪ Don't know when ♪
♪ But I know
we'll meet again ♪
♪ Some sunny day ♪
♪ Keep smiling through ♪
♪ Just like you always do ♪
♪ Till the blue skies ♪
♪ Drive the dark clouds
far away ♪
♪ So will you please
say hello ♪
♪ To the folks that I know ♪
♪ Tell them I won't be long ♪
♪ They'll be happy to know ♪
♪ That as you saw me go ♪
♪ I was singing this song ♪
♪ We'll meet again ♪
♪ Don't know where ♪
♪ Don't know when ♪
♪ But I know
we'll meet again ♪
♪ Some sunny day ♪
♪ ♪
CHORUS: ♪ We'll meet again ♪
♪ Don't know where ♪
♪ Don't know when ♪
♪ But I know
we'll meet again ♪
♪ Some sunny day ♪
♪ Keep smiling through ♪
♪ Just like you always do ♪
♪ Till the blue skies ♪
♪ Drive the dark clouds
far away ♪
♪ We'll meet again ♪
♪ Don't know where ♪
♪ Don't know when ♪
♪ But I know
we'll meet again ♪
♪ Some sunny day ♪
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm